hello friends and welcome and
welcome to home ideas the channel
of decoration of house fébus I am meera
ari freelance stylish and Christmas came
that's why we're here visiting houses
new because today we're going to learn to
make a bow or tie like this that is
chimera
how beautiful a variety of
tapes that you can choose and
we will be working with one of
Our experts believe that we know
that will show us how we can
do it so let's start the gingham
What are we going to do today?
three different ribbons and a great look at
final and we will start with the
materials we have the three tapes that
They are rolls of 25 feet 8 yards scissors
sweet wire and pliers and we started
with the tape 1 which is the number that will
in the center part this tape is going
to use approximately
four yards in total to do the
two we grabbed the tape the first time
let's use with our fingers
we extend the tape we take it to the
center again we produce and it's fine
important that we do the fold that
We will help keep that tape
all the time right and we repeat another
time to the other side we do again
the look we again produce and make
the fold and we keep repeating that
move until you have about 5
lux on each side that's going to be
using as I told them around 4
yards of our rolls
let's go to the next step that would be to add
tape number 2 after we finish
the 5 loops
We are going to fix them with our wire
sweet is very important that
let's keep our tapes firm
hands so that then we can
place the wire and use the pliers
that helps us all elements
we repeat the same movement extend
the purse tape make the loop for three
occasions on each side or we are going to
do three clubs per side when
let's have our three looks for each
side let's go back to add the
sweet wire to grab and fix all
that tape
Y
and that of the third tape that is
what is going to be the back in the
what the body will give to that bond is
love and let's repeat the same
movement we grab the tape pegadita
to the rest of the tie that we already have
we produce the tape we extend
double to keep it always right
and then then we continue that
We are going to make three looks
ears as you want to call
each side
at the end we will grab our
wire we're going to tie all that ribbon
from the center with our pliers
to finish we will make the great
circular look that goes on the part of
down our tie we are going to draw three
pieces of ribbon one of each ribbon the
different edge that we are going to use it
so decide it and then we will
measure from the shortest to the most
long knowing that the first tape that
we are going to use is the one of the five the
or the tape that remains in the right in the
center of our tie we have those those
tapes and we are going to go forming that great
look for the first one we squeeze in the
center of the tie we grab our other
tape to the second we go back to do the
loop very large and finally the third
and then there we hold firmly to
then place the sweet wire and
fix it well strong
and I think that there is already a very
beautiful and spectacular that we can
use on your tree in an ornament where
you want and here we have our
tie with three different types of ribbon and
the great look in the end you can
do with a full tape or use
Different tapes can adjust the
sizes can repeat the same thing in a
small size as you like but
so it would be
to these and other ideas we invite you to
you connect with us through
home on facebook.com for the networks
social or right here that you leave us your
questions and comments
the safa search inspire you in this
Christmas and also in your home
all beautiful all year